this is going to be a tough one but I
think that you can do it 203 8829 757
the topics going to be Connecticut roads
so it's shot caller trivia Pam is gonna
be the victim right let's see how much
she's learned as a traffic person on the
show and what 34 weeks so I'm i think
for weeks for weeks Oh week alright
let's see what you've learned that long
already so but we're really gonna work
we're gonna rely completely on you to
call in these questions and it they have
to look like you know the more she gets
shocked the better yeah like really
obscure roads would be excellent all
right Phil on the Parkway yep what's
your question I want to know if she
knows we're on the Wilbur cross Parkway
the exit with no number is Westport
where is it it's our in wallingford
between 66 and 67 it comes down into a
neighborhood oh there's an exit with no
number dad huh you know the road to
nowhere basically yes thank you I'm so
nervous well ok don't spill anything get
your hands I get your whole hand it does
get your home I feel in my foot
I should have studied the roads you may
want to scan oh yeah I'm standing
standing so I don't use 'ok yeah that's
the music a doom yeah all right I'm okay
I'm ready for the next one you hear do
ya alright shock our trivia ask pam
about Connecticut roads Colby west haven
what is the name of route 85 I whole
these fumble muck he's bumble much green
Isis they recover what is it it's the
Hartford you own in turn pike okay I'm
shakin bother those went off yeah fig
the first one on the Left went off I can
feel it right here my I don't even know
what the smile